Combine Yul documentation sections. (#8124)
ethereum/solidity: docs/assembly.rst

###############
Inline Assembly
###############

.. index:: ! assembly, ! asm, ! evmasm

.. _inline-assembly:

You can interleave Solidity statements with inline assembly in a language close

> to the one of the Ethereum virtual machine. This gives you more fine-grained control,

Reviewer: What is "the language of the Ethereum virtual machine"?
Maybe: ``with inline assembly in a language that defines builtin functions that resemble the opcodes of the Ethereum virtual machine.``?
I was wondering about ``a language that provides direct access to the opcodes of the Ethereum virtual machine using builtin functions.``, but that doesn't make sense for targetting ewasm...

especially when you are enhancing the language by writing libraries.

The language used for inline assembly in Solidity is called `Yul <yul>`_
and it is documented in its own section. This section will only cover
how the inline assembly code can interface with the surrounding Solidity code.

.. warning::
    Inline assembly is a way to access the Ethereum Virtual Machine
    at a low level. This bypasses several important safety
    features and checks of Solidity. You should only use it for
    tasks that need it, and only if you are confident with using it.

Inline assembly is marked by ``assembly { ... }``, where the code inside
the curly braces is `Yul <yul>`_ code.

> This Yul code has access to local Solidity variables as explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Yul code has access to Solidity variables in scope of the inline assembly block as explained below.
```
It's not only locals, is it?

Author: I hoped this was obvious.

Reviewer: Yeah, maybe... but then why say "local" at all?

    }

Access to External Variables, Functions and Libraries
-----------------------------------------------------

You can access Solidity variables and other identifiers by using their name.

> For any variables that does not have a value type and is stored in memory or calldata,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any variable that does not have a value type and is stored in memory or calldata,
```

Also not sure if ``does not have a value type and`` could actually be skipped towards ``For any variable that refers to memory or calldata, this only evaluates...`` and then next sentence ``Variables with the storage location can either refer to a full storage slot or parts of it, so their "address"...``

Also what is this "this" that evaluates... maybe a complete suggestion:

```
For variables that refer to memory or calldata, the Yul identifier with the same name evaluates to the address of the variable in memory, resp. calldata. For variables that refer to storage a single Yul identifier is not sufficient, since they do not necessarily occupy a single full storage slot. Therefore, their "address" is composed...
```
Hm... Also not perfect...
